All right, so now let's create our repository, so let's go to a repository and create in your class
just a normal class that's called, let's say, book repository.
And this repository, we're going to inject our Dow or our book API, right, makes sense because we
need that so we can access the data.
So when they say at inject.
This constructor and I'm going checked for private Val API, which is going to be our books API.
OK.
Right?
So inside here, I'm going to create a suspend function again and say, get books, so get books.
Of course, going to call the get books or get all books from our books API.
So this is the public interface per se of our books API.
So I'm going to pass into the search query term.
And it's going to be just a string, and it's going expect to we're going to expect to receive a list
containing items.
OK, now why is it a list containing item this item here?
Let's go ahead and import.
It's going to be our item model there.
Why is that?
Me just finalized, is this.
What we need this?
Because remember when everything comes in, this is the list.
Actually, they will contain the volume info which contains the information about the book or the books
in this case.
So it's going to have a list of all of these items, meaning we're going to get a list of all of this.
Which is what we want.
So when we return, we're we're getting this case, there's going to be a list of items, as we said,
this would work, OK, but we need to be a little bit more clever because the idea really, especially
when we getting information from somewhere database or a server API and so forth, we want to be able
to wrap it around a different wrapper class, which will allow us to add more information about that
data, which means let's say we want to check to see if as we get this information, these books to
see if the loading status is loading or not loading or downloading, or if it's their loading status
is idle or running and so forth, right?
Or maybe there are exceptions.
Something happened, and we want to know that there's no way for us to get to add or attach that information
in a list such as such thing.
So we're going to create we're going to use a wrapper class that we're going to create, which will
allow us to not only wrap this information, which is important, but we can wrap other things such
as OK, if it's loading, right?
A bullion and an exception in any other thing we want when we get this information from the API.
So what I'm going to do is instead of a data here, I'm going to create yet another class.
It's going to be just a class and it's going to be a data class, actually.
Let's call this data or exception as such, so.
So the types that I'm going to pass in our data or exception are going to be T in this case, T for
template.
So this is generics.
So this can be anything we want could be a list of items, which is what we're going to be using.
Could be just strings, could be whatever we want.
And then we're going to pass a Boolean because we want to check or to keep track of whether we're loading
or not.
Right?
And then I'm going to pass an exception.
E is going to be just an exception, a general exception like this.
And then, you know, constructor here, I'm going to say, fine, it's going to be data.
So data is going to be the type that we passing along and could be.
And it could also be null.
And then I'm going to create the Boolean.
So this is going to be loading code name, whatever you want.
It's going to be a Boolean type.
And I'm going to also say this is not and VAR E. That's going to be the exception, and that could also
be null.
All right, there we go.
So this will allow us then say, for instance, data or exception.
When we get information, we're going to attach to our data variable, which is going to be any type,
be a string list or whatever we want.
And then we can say, Oh, by the way, as we wrap this information, this data list of books, in this
case, we also want attach loading status.
Oh, it's loading.
It's true.
Great.
Well, we also are going to attach an exception if that happens.
OK.
So now, instead of going this way, I'm going to say something like data or exception.
And.
Wrap all of this inside as such, and then of course, we'll have to negotiate it actually, before
we do that, let's just continue here because we pass.
So the first is going to be in a list of items in that next we're going to pass what?
Well, we can pass a Boolean here to say Boolean.
And then for the exception, let's put this in the new line.
Maybe it's going to be better.
And then for the exception, I'm just going to say exception like this.
It looks like overkill, too much going on, but this is the way you should always do because like I
said, we can attach more information, not just the list at the top of my career.
Another private val called data or exception type here and set that to data or exception just to initialize
it.
And we're past a list of items, our items, by the way.
And then I'm going to pass a Boolean and then I'll have an exception type like this.
I can then at some point say data or exception.
To look at this, I can attach into our data type a list expecting a list of items.
I can also say data dot e for exception is a data dot.
Loading and say is equal to true something like that if it's loading.
All right.
So this gives us that flexibility.
So this is exactly what we're going to do inside.
I'm going to say throw, get books.
Let's say, try and catch exception.
All right, so we're going to try first, so here I'm going to say data or exception because we are
starting everything.
And what's it?
Loading I'm going to say to try to say Yes, it is loading and then I'm going to say data or exception.
That data, I'm going to say is equal to say that to our API, which is going to be our books API Dot,
get all books and pass the query.
In this case, it's going to be the search query like this.
But for that, then again, to say that get items, which is like the list items that we need and what
I can also do here, I can say if our data.
Data or exception that lets it data, let's see data or exception.
Let's get the actual data or exception right to that data.
If that is empty.
Or actually is not empty, right?
Perhaps we need to do like this, right?
If not empty, then I can say data or exception.
That loading said that to false.
What this does is that if we're checking in our front end and our composable, if we are still loading,
if it's false, then we can stop, for instance, this circle indicator, right?
And so for our exception here, I'm just going to actually say data dot for exception, I'm going to
pass.
Well, this exception that we're getting.
And then I brought him here, we're going to return not all list, we're going to return our data or
exception as a whole object because we are going to be able to say check not just for the actual list,
then check for loading.
Or the exception if there is indeed an exception.
And while we're here, I can create another suspend function, which is going to be for when we want
to get book information somewhere, suspend, get book info such they have to pass, book ID string.
And here we're going to do the same thing data or exception in a pass.
We want an item book like this.
And voila, it looks like this is not looking good.
Oh, right.
Because they need to pass other things as well.
So pass a bullion and pass an exception so we can see data or exception in this case and say dot loading
is equal to true.
And then I'm just going to say API Dot, get info, books and parks, book ID, such.
And in this case, two separate things here, it can create yet another terror or exception just for
this other guy.
They read about it doesn't matter, but let's see.
Say book info data.
Book you full day, no exception, think it's better in this, we'll expect, of course, just an item,
not a list.
So we can use that.
So with that, then we can specialize everything into one, so now I can just use that.
For loading and then I can say our book for that data.
It's going to set to that perspective just to list, OK, then here and then say, even if I want to
can say if book info.
That data is.
Say that to strain and is not empty.
That's the case once it data or book you for that exception.
Loading said that to false because we don't.
And then else and when it's exceptional when, say, book info, data, pass the E and just pass our
E that we getting from our exception there.
All right.
So we have this setup should be ready for us to use whenever we are ready to use our repository, but
really consider using this Kleenex architecture as such, because then as you see, it allows you to
add more metadata to our payload that we're getting from our response.